{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red8\green77\blue230;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Hello! Welcome to term 3 of Code Club!
\b0\fs24 \
\
In this term we're going to be learning about HTML and CSS. These are the building blocks of the web!\
\
Please go through each session yourself to make sure you understand it before you start your Code Club session. This will help you highlight any possible problem areas.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 1) Internet
\b0 \
\
Does your primary school have internet? Does it have a decent capacity that would let all the children in your code club to be online at the same time? Are certain websites blocked? Can you use X-Ray Goggles? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hackasaurus.org/en-US/goggles/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://hackasaurus.org/en-US/goggles/}} If you can't use goggles, make sure the browser has some web developer tools you can use instead (like firebug for Firefox or dragonfly for Opera)\
\
\
\

\b 2) Text editors
\b0 \
\
Are you allowed to install software on the computers at the venue? If you are then we recommend installing the excellent Sublime Text 2 which can be downloaded free for evaluation at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sublimetext.com/2"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.sublimetext.com/2}}\'a0 and is available for PC/Mac/Linux. The Sublime team has given us written permission to use Sublime Text in Code Clubs without paying for the license. \
\
If you're not allowed to install software than use Notepad for PC or TextEdit for Mac, but these do not have syntax highlighting. \
\
\
\

\b 3) Browsers
\b0 \
\
Again this depends on whether you're allowed to install software, but we recommend using one of Firefox, Chrome, or Opera. If you can also install the developer tools for the browser you choose, this would be ace. We want the kids to be able to explore what goes on behind the scenes.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803
\cf0 \
As before there are individual sessions and then one session that can just go on and on depending on your term length. \
\
\
\

\b 4) Hosting students work\

\b0 \
If we're making websites then need to be online right? We've teamed up with Teepee who will be providing easy hosting for your students work. Just make a project for each child, drag their folder of work into the browser and email the unique URL home. You can can sign up for a free account here. www.teepee.io/codeclub by telling them your name and the name of the venue your club is at. \
\
\
\

\b 5) Free Treehouse
\b0 \
\
Treehouse are giving Code Clubs free access to their learning adventures so they can continue learning at home! We'll email you when this is ready :)\
\
Good luck!\

\b Team Code Club
\b0 \
}